welcome to Vanguard canine and I am
master vondom up today I'm going to talk
about the genetics of deep gameness in
the aspect of working dogs and here i
will take out some of my puppies and and
show you the inherited traits of a deep
working drive
here's one thing that I love about this
new breed of dogs I'm breeding look at
the big bone look at the feet the
structure and his dogs certainly his
ears don't stand up yet but he's a very
very beautiful hi dr dog I'm gonna get a
chance imma show you his driver are you
now his bone structure is definitely not
the small pencil legs that were used to
seeing almost malinois specifically in
the show line this little puppy here has
an enormous amount of focus on the prey
item where he would run over dirt pals
jump on the steps and run through bushes
just watching here
what I just did here was for the first
time was introduced to prey item from my
hands instead of having the puppy just
pounced on it as he would do in the wild
to some kind of quarry or something that
was he seen fly from the bushes now that
is exactly what you want to do is praise
because praise is going to encourage the
desired behavior I lift them off the
ground getting them used to being lift
up now that'll be something that will be
useful when these are in the fight with
a man or with the decoy but a lot more
praise
Oh
full bite yeah good boy this is that
kind of puppy i would choose if i went
to a breeder for a puppy to be my
long-term partner as well as a few other
testers much this puppy will certainly
pass i love this little dog canine
imports direct vanguard Kate 9 produced
dogs I drivability huh boy that's the
Sun a nitro if you're interested in
would produce that puppy nitros a Dutch
Shepherd with high drives and up for
stunts and gave him a name yet Sabra I
was thinking about
I was sacred see that he's ready to get
out hey watch his back up I want to show
you he'll jump off let's look over here
no prob you definitely wouldn't want
that pencil leg malin water jump off the
truck berkeley come over today I'm real
careful about that puppy doing that too
much but it's fair to say he has no fear
inner
what up ladies he'll stand up didn't
mm-hmm you need more that